thank y'all we had three good days of
practice this week we know this team
real well we played him in the
championship last year and it was a
great game and they're a really good
team and I think it's gonna be a tough
battle but I feel real good about a way
we prepared for this we're pretty
intense this is a big rematch from last
year so the championship game so we're
ready to go
the boys are focused men all week this
rematches 365 days in the making as
North Gwinnett finally has a chance to
play the cool again but this time it's
in the second round the GFL playoffs
North Gwinnett is already up 8 to 0 in
the second quarter as you see they go to
the quick screen pass right here to that
receiver and he gets down the field
getting getting North Gwinnett to the 30
yard line then on this next play here
watch the tight end as he comes back for
the ball fights for it
gets a couple of yards and now North
Gwinnett is in the red zone then later
on the drive they give it to their big
fullback Cameron as he gets into the end
zone now North Gwinnett least 16 to 0 as
they are looking to knock off the killer
but Dacula says they are multiple time
champions to beat us it is gonna take
everything you got you prepared to do
that as a quarterback of rays and
tackles throws it up deep the number 2
and he scores a touchdown as the cue is
looking to fight back and win this game
and go back again to the GFL
championship when you start seeing the
parents do those jumping jacks on your
know you're in trouble
as number 33 here gets outside and makes
a tackle for a loss
the killer refused to go out without a
fight as you see here they are trying to
keep the drive alive and as a
quarterback gets out of the pocket gets
out of bounds and gives the Kuehl
another first down then Dacula Niles
rolling as you see they're giving us a
running back it is another first down as
the killer is looking to take back this
game then here on fourth down the killer
goes deep and whether you say it is
inbounds are out of bounds the rest that
is an out of bounds so we are rolling
with it and North but net now has the
ball again and what are they gonna do go
ahead run it back kind of hand who has
been nice all year long look at the foot
in the ground get on down that sideline
as he gives North with net a good
position is they again looking to knock
off the cooler and North Gwinnett says
look we're just gonna run this ball we
believe in our line we believe we're not
running backs on what they can do and
then here they go back to number 34 the
big running back as he gets in the end
zone
and North Gwinnett after 365 days of
waiting have knocked off the Dacula
Falcons
you know it's nothing about us the boys
focused all week long they really got
out here practice and they showed what
they can do on the field they showed it
up it's all about the boys zero wasn't
it
all right I can't be more proud of them